these texts
dream of a space for you and your family
a place and where the naturalized of the surroundings a paradise
and that the city in the distance becomes a landscape to throw away
that hour a reality
because only 15 minutes from the city, housing projects are built
mirador de santa elena
located at kilometer 13 of the road that leads to the corregimiento santa elena
This project is composed of 18 batches of 2 thousand 430 square meters in
ahead
perfectly distributed so that each of its owners enjoy the
same advantages in addition to a sports area and about 42 thousand meters
native forest squares of the city plot where its inhabitants
You can enjoy a wonderful ecological path
with great biodiversity
the santa elena viewpoint you can contemplate the city thanks to the
excellent view you have of this
and the fact of not having to pay toll even being outside the urban area
make this project one of the best housing offers in the
moment
flowers
the silleteros
culture
the start story
you have the opportunity to be part of this
those of santa elena
in national culture
Breathe deeply
vicente leguina
surrounded by a beautiful club native forest
the butterflies
nowhere
may be surrounded by so many native species and without tilde tranquility
such as santa elena imitator
call us intellectual deficit
the possibility of living better or what to say of its lot in viewpoint of santa
elena the place where you will find your tranquility